Partial reading for `JsonReader.Either` (#30)
atifaziz/Jacob: README.md

`true`. This is a signal to the caller that it must load the buffer with more
of the JSON source text to resume reading.

All readers can be composed with `JsonReader.Buffer` to load enough

> data into the buffer that neither can fail due to partial JSON.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
data into the buffer so that none can fail due to partial JSON.
```
